---
revision: 1
title: Training SOP
---

# Approvals

All approvers shall add a signed commit with their name and roles appended to the table in this section.

| Name | Role | Date |
|---|---|---|
|      |      |      |
|      |      |      |
|      |      ||

# Training Record

By signing below you have acknowledged you have read and understood this document.

| Name | Role | Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
|      |      |      |

# Purpose

Author shall clearly identify the purpose of this SOP. What does this SOP do? When should this SOP be invoked?

# Triggers

This SOP is triggered when a new person is onboarded and periodically as needed for existing personnel. 

# Change History

The change history section shall contain a brief summary of changes made in this revision.

| Change Description | Date             |
| ------------------ | ---------------- |
| Initial version    | January 12, 2021 |

# Required Roles to Execute

The following user roles are required to execute this SOP:

- The user role(s) of the person undergiong training.

# Required Roles to Review

The following user roles are required for initial approval, periodic review, and change approval of this SOP:

- Quality Systems SME

# Required Inputs and Dependencies

The following inputs are required for the execution of this SOP:

- All SOPs for which the person may execute or review. 
- The quality manual

# Outputs

The SOP shall produce the following outputs:

- New rows or updates to existing rows in the Training Record section for each SOP reviewed

# Risk Level

Low: Error in SOP or SOP execution is unlikely to result in patient harm.

# Periodic Review

Low: Review once a year.

# Record Template

No separate record is generated by this SOP.

# Work Instruction

A step by step recipe for executing the SOP.

1. Create a new branch named `training/your_name`
2. Add your name to the training record for each document you are reviewing.
3. Commit and push the changes.
4. Open a PR and add a Quality Systems SME as a reviewer.
5. Merge the PR once approved.
